Add media patterns blurb (#8900)
GoogleChrome/web.dev: src/site/content/en/patterns/media/index.md

description: A collection of common patterns for working with media.
hero: image/8WbTDNrhLsU0El80frMBGE4eMCD3/wm2Up29DH49oPbOu3xUY.svg
---

> Welcome to our growing collection of theming patterns. These intend to help you

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Welcome to our collection of media patterns. These intend to help you
```
